VxTron was downloaded from the Vectrex32 Forum.
(http://forums.vectrex32.com/index.php/board,4.0.html)

The newest version can also be gotten from: 
GitHub: https://github.com/jaymzjulian/vltron

The version I release with the PiTrex release was changed in following respects:

a) all sound code of "Jay" was removed
b) internal "print" messages were commented out
c) the game over screen does not show the Arena 

I used VxTron as example code for the three new function clusters I implemented
in the PiTrex version of GS BASIC.

1) The music playing now uses an inbuilt YM player.
   The music playing is the same as used in ZBlast, curtesy of Roald Strauss (IndieGameMusic.com).
2) The start of the game uses samples now, showing of the new sample functions
3) The in game sound effect (explosion) now uses the new SFX functions

The files in the BASIC directory still feature the "old" sounds, even though they are not used
anymore.

Jay agreed to let me include the changed version with the PiTrex Release.

VxTron32 (c) 2020, Jaymz Julian


--- Original "md" file for VxTron32


VxTron32
------

A gltron-like game in for the vectrex32.  Note that the distributed version is combined into one big file for some convinence - if you want to look at the source, I recommend the github at https://github.com/jaymzjulian/vltron

Controls for one player (third person):
joystick - move camera
button 1 - turn left
button 2 - turn right
button 3 - zoom camera in
button 4 - zoom camera out

Controls for one player (first person):

button 1 - turn left
button 2 - turn right
button 3 - peek left 
button 4 - peek right

Controls for two players on one controller:

button 1 - turn left
button 2 - turn right
button 3 - turn left (player 2)
button 4 - turn right (player 2)

Finally, you can exit to the vectrex32 menu by selecting the release at the bottom of the menu!

About the development
---------------------

Despite having been started around six months ago, the majority of this game was actually completed in the first couple of weeks - most of the rest was a combination of writing tooling and getting to grips with the platform, although much like everyone else, 2020 has been.... a year.  Yeah.  But there is vectrex!  I did spend weeks on the sound effects, because I am a ridiculous human being who cannot do anything normal.  The good news is that the tooling all translates across to my other games, so the completion of those should be a LOT faster.  

Definitly a less complex game next, as a palette cleanser, before my next more complicated one.  There are a couple in flight, and I'll hopefully finish one of them soon!  But as learning and pushing the platform has gone, this one has worked out okay.
